Estágio Supervisionado I
Estágio Supervisionado II
Projeto SENASP de Big Data e Inteligência Artificial
Projeto SINESP Big Data e Inteligência Artificial para Segurança Pública
Projeto de Transformação Digital no CE
Projeto HCIA AI ATLAS Training CE
Desenvolvimento de software na OSF Digital
Desenvolvimento de software no Laboratório de Inovação e Dados Íris
Secretaria do Planejamento e Gestão do Ceará · Tempo integral


iFactory
Insight Labs
HCIA AI ATLAS Training
Dell Lead
OSF Digital
Íris LAB
SEPLAG



to be a good data engeneer its desirable that you know cloud computing and its crucial that know efficient data manipulation



retention: better retain 2 to hire 1
productivity: dividible chat regularly

to keep the customer loyalty its ungent that we increase the realibility of the digital public services. 
because how much citizens can access digital services safely, more them will stay using the govenrment applications and probably will do a good word-of-mouth of our digital services transitions

cost 3 times more than reta

--------------
Frank. d
James. a
Grace. b
Lisa.  c

--------------

Perks, benefits, 
extras,
cashbacks,
miles, 

We have a consulting company and we need to talk about
improve 
- marketing strategies to turn the loyalty of our costumers

we have many kind of loyalties

and the incentice loyaty is the best to keep the old costumers and bring new ones to our side
with perks for the nwes, 
benefits old, cashbacks both, etc etc.

-------------------------------------


1 ... someone sends me an uninformative subjeti lines
2 ... responds emails with one-word response

3 ... someoue responds an email to everyone
  ... someone chewing with open mouth


---------------------

2. She said me She called me that morning
3. Keith asked me it would go into effect a 
month from then
4. Paula told She have been gave her expense 
report to me that day



a thing that make so mad and I really hate is when someone is chewing with open mouth.. its as anoying song... i know thats is a low sound, but i still hearning
